Is it track me?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, that's cool.
>> You're the main show, the star of the
show.
>> Wow, that's amazing.
>> I'm on uh What are you doing here? Where
are we?
>> Uh we are in Denver just first day of
build the station
>> and All right. So, we met at token249 in
Singapore. No.
>> Yep.
>> All right.
>> You're a serial hacker.
>> I am.
>> How do you make money traveling to all
of these different events and
participating in hackathons? Uh, I win
sometimes. Not all the time. I win
sometimes. Yeah. Yeah.
>> No, but I'm I'm I'm also ambassador for
the RPC and they sponsor me uh quite a
bit to go to hackathons. But I also love
hackathons and uh I will do it anyway.
>> What project is this that you're
sponsored by?
>> Uh DRPC.
>> What's that?
>> Uh the centralized RPC provider. Okay.
We have more than 100 chains and we have
like uh new stuff not core and not cloud
that allows like RPC users like for
example you're a chain and you need to
you you want to know where your data is
coming from so you can optimize all of
that you have we have you covered
>> and how long have you been sponsored by
them?
>> Uh I two years or yeah some I think two
years yeah in in May I think it's two
years. What is so like what does this
afford you then? Like flights and and
hotel stay and then your bonuses are
when you win hackathons.
>> Uh yeah, they sponsor me to go to
hackathons and then I I win quite a lot
of bounties in in in their hackathons.
Not not all the time, but yeah, it's
quite good.
>> What's like a key piece of advice that
you have for like a serial hackathon
person? Like what's one of the things
that you think has made you successful
in winning a lot of bounties? I don't
give up. No, seriously. Sometimes the
documentation is so bad that people just
quit. I don't.
>> I just keep going until I make it. And
like obviously that gives me an
advantage that other people will not
have because people quit and I do not.
>> Is there like a meta or is there like a
certain type of project that wins year
after year or do you have to kind of
keep your finger on the pulse for what's
new and what's going on? Uh to be honest
right now it's difficult for me to find
ideas. So I usually ask them like do you
have an RFP? You have an idea that you
want built or give me some ideas and
that helps you a little bit. Uh but
sometimes like they're so bad at it like
they will be so rude when you ask them.
It's like horrible experience. I it
happened to with me with one sponsor. is
like, "Bro," I'm like, he was like
telling me, "I'm not going to tell you
what you have to do." I'm like, "Bro,
I'm not asking you for that. I'm just
need like help you help validating the
idea. That's it." But yeah, usually
they're quite nice.
>> So, do you ever find yourself just like
working on the same type of project from
hackathon to hackathon to hackathon?
>> I try not to, but sometimes it happens.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. um
>> because I I I built more than 100
different projects. So sometimes they're
similar but not the same. I I do not
cheat. I do not start beforehand. I
don't reuse the code. I use templates,
yes, but I try to be as fair as possible
because imagine with my experience, if I
wanted to cheat, it would be very easy
for me, right? But it's not fair. So
it's a competition. I want it to be
fair.
>> What type of language do you typically
code in? uh mostly solidity with
TypeScript or JavaScript. Okay, I can do
Rust, I can do Kyo, I can do almost
everything. I touch more than 60
programming languages in my life.
>> So for me it's easier. Most of them are
very similar. Is is this your first
Evember?
>> No, I came last year.
>> And did you hack last year as well?
>> I did.
>> Did you win?
>> Uh not for Denver. I won in other
hackathons here in the Denver.
>> All right. So this is Eat Denver 2026.
This is the first year we're at this new
big venue.
>> Correct. Um let's try to be positive
about the hackathon experience. We're
having internet issues.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The internet is not
helping.
>> So what are you trying to build this
year? Do you have a team?
>> Are you hacking solo?
>> I'm hacking solo and I joined our
startup called called Marim Dao. So I'm
going to build uh another MVP for this
hackathon. this cargo ship tokenization
platform. So, I'm going to build that
here.
>> Cool. And how long do you think that
that's going to take? Are you getting
ready to do like two nights without
sleep?
>> No, no, no. Maybe one day.
>> One day?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'm like I done so many that
I'm very fast. No, no. In with AI. I use
AI tools. I I use them. They're not
perfect. That's why it takes me longer,
but it's it's much faster now. Do you
think we're at a place where everybody
should be learning how to do AI, not
just developers?
>> Uh, depends on what you want to do. I I
do think that you need some developing
background to understand what you're
doing, but you can still use AI without
knowing it, but but it's better if you
do.
>> Are you are you running in a cloudbot
right now?
>> No, I I don't like I don't trust that.
>> Why not? I I don't trust AI. It's just a
black box and you don't know what it's
doing. You don't know what it's going to
do and I don't trust it right now. No,
I'm sorry. No.
>> What's the one piece of advice that you
have for somebody who's coming to Denver
for the first time for Eat Denver?
>> Uh don't compete against me. I know I
get it. No, no, no. Just have fun. I
tell people I I usually like even help
other teammates when they're having some
problem. going to tell, okay, you have
to do this because you have this error,
whatever. I'm I'm a I try to compete
fairly.
You're good to go.
>> Awesome. Arman, where can people find
you?
>> Uh, in conferences and hackathons
>> and on Twitter.
>> On Twitter. Yeah. Yeah.
>> What's your Twitter handle?
>> Uh, A RMS.
>> Awesome. Well, we'll link it in uh this
interview and we'll add him as well.
Thanks for your time, man.
>> Thank you.